---
title: Year 9 blog 2
layout: post
author: william.mayhew
permalink: /year-9-blog-2/
source-id: 1rQ8lVT-lFr0KoCqFmyItlB82wof52pnhi_R3SAsdU4c
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Year 9 blog 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Learning encryption.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To understand the basis of encryption.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>In my previous homework I added a lot  of code to my blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I need to work on this one most but did ask 1 or 2 questions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I successfully created a new blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I checked my old blog for grammatical errors.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I listened in class and asked constructive questions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on my independent skills so I can figure something out myself so I learn effectively and build up confidence.This is a long term improvement that will stay on here for a while(19/9/2018).Today It was easy to progress as we listened to Mr Keen at the front of the classed and asked questions.I need to work on asking more questions per lesson and not letting my partner ask for me.(also another long term improvement).</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will ask more questions in class and have a more positive attitude to learning.Next time I will try and progress more quickly rather than spending time  waiting for my partner When called to the front for a class discussion I need to contribute more to class and ask more questions instead of asking people sitting next to me and try not to get  distracted and focus on what Mr Keen is saying.This is a long term improvement that I still need to work on.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


