---
title: Year 9 blog
layout: post
author: william.mayhew
permalink: /year-9-blog/
source-id: 1YJbzThREnd_2LyI4_9RCgaWIPqkdBEErq9Ri3OW4RM4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>First year 9 blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>5/9/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Restarting blogs from scratch</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To successfully delete and create a new repository</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today I figured out how to create a new repository. I used resources from the old year 7 classroom to help me.I also got help from arjan and charlie and we worked together to create a new repository.Overall I made good use of older resources and other people to help me along the way. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on my independent skills so I can figure something out myself so I learn effectively and build up confidence.This is a long term improvement.Today It was easy to progress as me and arjan worked together to complete the task .I need to work on asking more questions per lesson and not letting my partner ask for me.(also another long term improvement)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try and progress more quickly rather than spending time  waiting for my partner When called to the front for a class discussion I need to contribute more to class and ask more questions instead of asking people sitting next to me and try not to get  distracted and focus on what Mr Keen is saying.This is a long term improvement that I still need to work on.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


