---
title:  Year 9 blog 3
layout: post
author: william.mayhew
permalink: /-year-9-blog-3/
source-id: 1UpMWsBrHLElPTWw-saPlo2-bHdHCBeL0Ezi6520B7yc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Year 9 blog 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>30/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Learning encryption using spreadsheets.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To understand the basis of encryption in spreadsheets.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I worked hard to complete the spreadsheet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I need to work on this one most, but did ask 1 or 2 questions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I successfully created a new spreadsheet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I made sure all the code was working.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I listened in class and asked questions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on my independent skills so I can figure something out myself so I learn effectively and build up confidence.This is a long term improvement that will stay on here for a while(30/9/2018).Today It was easy to progress as we listened to Mr Keen at the front of the classed and asked questions.In this lesson we started spreadsheets and learned encryption and how to use them more efficiently.WE were told that in practically every job we will need to use spreadsheets.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will ask more questions in class and . I will try and progress more quickly rather than spending time waiting for my partner (or helping him). When called to the front for a class discussion I need to contribute more to class and ask more questions instead of asking people sitting next to me and try not to get distracted and focus on what Mr Keen is saying.This is a long term improvement that I still need to work on.I will also try to work on code and to not just mirror what is on the board.As I discovered that does not always work.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


