---
title: Year 9 blog 4
layout: post
author: william.mayhew
permalink: /year-9-blog-4/
source-id: 1BLOMS1mbYhYrBq61Lp5vFXAsUzksMU3On3AVq2v9ZqQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Year 9 blog 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>10.10.18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Learning encryption using spreadsheets and doing my blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To understand the basis of encryption in spreadsheets.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I worked hard to improve my blog on </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Why was all the code transferred easily?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I successfully created a new blog colour</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I made sure all the code was working.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I listened in class and asked questions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on my independent skills so I can figure something out myself so I learn effectively and build up confidence.This is a long term improvement that will stay on here for a while(10/10/2018).Today It was easy to progress as we listened to Mr Keen at the front of the classed and did out blogs on a different site so we can check  whether it right Immediately rather than wait for 5 mins. Last lesson we started spreadsheets and learned encryption.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will ask more questions in class and I will try and progress more quickly rather than spending time waiting for my partner (Long term improvement). When called to the front for a class discussion I need to contribute more to class and ask more questions instead of asking people sitting next to me and try not to get distracted and focus on what Mr Keen is saying.This is a long term improvement that I still need to work on.I will also try to work on code and to not just mirror what is on the board. As I discovered that does not always work.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


